---
layout: resume
title: "Resume"
date: 2023-06-20 14:30:30 -0700
categories: resume
---

# James Nelson's Resume

---

### About Me

---

- A computer science major who is pursuing software engineering. In my 30's, I like playing with computers and am a quick learner.
  Enjoys working as a team worker. Have good diagnosing, troubleshooting skills, & solving issues. In search of software engineering positions.

---

### Experience

---

- ***Personal Computer Consultant (2014-2019)*** I help people with their computer issues, diagnose, troubleshoot, repair issues, and upgrade 
  computer components. I make sure my customers are satisfied, documented their system issues and resolved conflicts, and did bookkeeping of my
  small business.

- ***General construction, electrician apprentice, and data communication wiring (2017)*** I did drywall cutting and patching. Painted the interiors.
  demo the floors and bathroom, and put up a cement board in the bathroom. Cut out holes in the ceiling to install vents in the house. Ran electrical
  wires in the walls and outlets put up light fixtures, ran cat6 cables underneath the house, and coaxial cable.

- ***Unindentured electrician apprentice IBEW (2014-2016)*** I helped put industrial-grade solar farm equipment together, do forensics, megger 
  testing, connecting wires together, wire crimping, setting up microcontrollers on solar arrays, placing solar panels down on the arrays, testing 
  solar diagnose, troubleshoot, and solve issues with the solar system and the power station.

---

### Education

---

- MJC 2019-current AS degree in Language & Rationalities, Computer Science, & Computer Electronics.
- Certified PC Pro, Certified Computer Network Technician, Certified Unix/Unix-like OS Administration, Certified Computer Programming Specialist.
- Languages I've used... Python, C#, Java, Visual Basic, & Assembly-MIPS.

---

### Portfolio

---

- Github account: james-1080 Repo: Menu Scout Web & Menu Scout Site Generator. I worked on the project with a team and worked as a project manager.
  Made sure the project gets done by deadlines and manage the team and make the project work. I helped designed the project while working with
  co-workers.
